Add priorities to extra configs field in the multi layer app config RFC (#41)
giantswarm/rfc: multi-layer-app-config/README.md

`userConfig:` properties (if given) is applied at the end of this list (to maintain backward compatibility).
`app-operator` does merging of all layers on the list, from top to bottom, instead of just merging the two properties.

This new list is called `extraConfigs`. Each entry in it has a field called the `priority`.
It has a default value assumed that  makes them to be applied before `config` to keep the backward compatibility.
On top of that `config` and `userConfig` gets a priority level - documented in App Platform - as well it becomes
possible to apply some of the `extraConfigs` between the `config` and `userConfig` entries or even after `userConfig`.
The bedrock is still considered to be what is in the catalog. It is not possible to apply `extraConfigs` before that.

#### Merging algorithm

Assuming the following priorities for the platform layers:

- Catalog: A (e.g.: 0)
- Cluster (`config`): B (e.g.: 50)

> - User (`userConfig`): (e.g.: 100)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- User (`userConfig`): C (e.g.: 100)
```

The distance (d) between each priority level should be the same.
The `priority` field is validated on the CRD schema definition that it must be within range of: `[A, C + d]` and have
the default value of: `A + d / 2` rounded up if necessary.

The merging algorithm is as follows:

1. Configuration from the catalog (A)
2. All entries from `extraConfigs` with priority of P: A <= P <= B
3. Configuration from `config` entry (B)
4. All entries from `extraConfigs` with priority of P: B < P <= C
5. Configuration from `userConfig` entry (C)
6. All entries from `extraConfigs` with priority of P: C < P

> In case of multiple items in `extraConfigs` appear with the same priority then the item that appears first

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of multiple items in `extraConfigs` having the same priority, the order on the list is binding, with the item lower on the list being merged later (overriding those higher on the list)
```

> In case of multiple items in `extraConfigs` appear with the same priority then the item that appears first

Reviewer: I think it makes sense to go with merging from top to bottom, so the last one added (appended to the list) is potentially overriding the others.
